hello guys how are you here I'm from
new with another hall because I have many
accumulated things that I want to teach you
today the complete ones are as much of fara as
of express area and there are only four things
but four little things that I super
they love me and I'm dead when I've seen them
and good first thing is this top that I wear
Market Stall
that is healthy
and now the sales have cost me twelve
euros or three of britos and before it cost
almost 20 I do not know if I reached 20
but I really wanted to have a top
so together white short and there was no
seen well none and those of stress
like I was not convinced and well I caught
this that combines with everything and especially
I like it with a skirt like that
Skateboarder I do not know if you are seeing her
I leave you a video and I love it
the next one was this jersey
always if it's clear but that's how
fluorine is very strong
there was also green
but I like this tone more and as you see
in the video
it looks pretty good on me
it has short sleeves so I
I think I would put it more in
autumn season almost winter but not
when it's very cold if it's been a long time
cold pos with a jacket
and well it cost me this cost the truth
it was quite low it cost 26
I do not know if you see it 26 euros and it cost me
only 8
these two kitchens are farah cities
and now I'm going to teach the two aliases
express
this beautiful shirt
that you can see it in the video by
front is a little bit bland but for
behind is beautiful and it only cost me 350
euros this is super cheap is super
pretty and there are a lot of colors of
truth click on the link below that
you will regret us
and finally
this dress
the garnet this dress I saw it to Maria
from the well-known Maria I do not know if
you will have seen but to its channel I leave it in
the information box and the truth that
I loved this dress you are me
seeing
It has a heart-shaped neckline but
is that it does not have cleavage really what
what happens that has some transparencies
well ahead in the part of the
I do not know anything about bra
behind the same you can not see anything has a
little bit of neckline in the back and
ahead has nothing but with the
transparencies is beautiful and there is more
colors the theme of the streets is what
I was more intrigued
I saw that there was a carving in the air
James
and I preferred to take it for the long
because I'm a little short and I do not
I wanted a very long dress
but he thought I was going to stay
best
for the subject of the chest
what's wrong I took the m because I always
I shot the smallest thing because I'm stupid and
then I take some puddles but hey
They do not call me and many times it's time to
long is still a little long for
make an m for me but well I'm not going
to put my nothing because like a plugs
it looks better and it's perfect
chest also has zipper I thought
I did not have good without problems
guys and here's the video today
I feel like I only bring hold if you have
some request you can tell me and I
you can leave all comments
questions you have doubts
instagram and in the comments here
down if you liked it
nobody gave hand in this
little button here
or from here I never know where it is and we
we see the next one of loves